# Sentiment-Analysis-using-FNN-RNN
Using PyTourch for creating Feed Forward NN and Recurrent NN
1. Dataset Preparation
We will use the Amazon reviews dataset used in HW1. Load the dataset and build a balanced dataset of 250K reviews along with their ratings (50K
instances per each rating score) through random selection. Create ternary labels using the ratings. We assume that ratings more than 3 denote positive 1 sentiment (class 1) and rating less than 3 denote negative sentiment (class2). Reviews with rating 3 are considered to have neutral sentiment (class 3).
Storing dataset after generation and reuse it to reduce the computational load. Considering a 80%/20% training/testing split.
2. Word Embedding 
Generate two sets of Word2Vec features for the dataset. 
(a) 
Loading the pretrained “word2vec-google-news-300” Word2Vec model and learn how to extract word embeddings.
(b) 
Training a Word2Vec model using own dataset. Setting the embedding size
to be 300 and the window size to be 11. 
3. Simple models 
Using the Word2Vec features generated to feed to simple SVM model and Perceptron model. And comparing it with the features generated through TD-IDF for comparison.
4. Feedforward Neural Networks 
Using the features  generated by the models prepared in the Word “Embedding section”, training a feedforward multilayer perceptron network for sentiment analysis classification. 
5. Recurrent Neural Networks 
Using the features  generated by the models prepared in the Word “Embedding section”, training a recurrent neural network (RNN) for sentiment analysis classification. 
